Hi everybody. I'm Barb Palin.
I oversee the talent and inclusion strategy for Comcast advertising,
which means I spend most of my time thinking about you.
Thinking about you and your career and where you're going and where.
We can tap into your expertise. So I'm.
Thrilled you're here. Every new hire.
We bring into the organization has an opportunity to reach their potential.
And part of my role is to help you do that.
It's been a few years since I've had my first day,
but I remember feeling overwhelmed, uh, excited,
energized, and kind of that healthy butterfly thing.
So I'm hoping you have that. And honestly, I hope you have it every day,
even a little bit. If you can approach every day at Comcast,
slightly like a new hire with fresh eyes and fresh perspective and open to
ideas and open to meeting new people, that's brilliant.
It's a great way to run your career.
As you evolve from the first few days of working here and kind of learning the
ropes of everything, you're going to find a ton.
Of resources. You might not tap.
Into them all at once. That's okay, hold on to them.
But you'll learn about activities like our cultural series,
our ERG employee resource groups,
our community outreach through Comcast cares.
You learn our development organization, your HR department,
your government affairs.
There's so many things to learn and to grow and to stretch.
And that's just managing your career and managing your life.
I know that it's a lot of information to absorb.
You're getting to know your team and your boss and the organization,
and then this big organization that we have across the globe.
So there's a lot to soak in. I'd invite you just to be open to new ideas,
ask the hard questions. Don't be afraid to say,
"Have we ever considered doing it this way?" Or, "Hey,
I have an idea." Or, "Wait a minute. This doesn't seem to make sense to me.
Can you help me explain it?" We welcome that. That's part of our culture.
When our company was founded under Roth Roberts,
it was founded with that entrepreneurial spirit that said we could do something
really good. If we did it together with respect and inclusion and engagement.
Don't be a stranger. Please reach out to me, let me know how you're doing,
how you're progressing and how I can help. Have a great first day.